README.md, before:

# LogBook_CyberSecurity
This logbook is part of Centria's Cyber ​​Security and Data Protection (IT00AK39-3002) course.

02.11.2024  2 hours  Listened the first lecture. GitHub repo done and logbook link send. 

06.11.2024  3 hours  Module 1: Introduction to Cybersecurity and Module 2: Attacks, Concepts and Techniques done.

07.11.2024  2 hours  Module 3: Protecting the Organizarion done.

08.11.2024  2 hours  Module 4: Protecting the Organization done.

09.11.2024  3 hours  Module 5: Will Your Future Be in Cybersecurity? and Course Final Exam done. I created account and logged in PortSwigger.

13.11.2024  5 hours  SQL injection 1/3 of the labs done.

14.11.2024  2 hours SQL injection 2/3 of the labs done.

16.11.2024  5 hours  Couple of SQL injection labs and Authentication 1/3 of the labs done. 

17.11.2024  8 hours All Access Control labs done. I tried the challenging labs one last time, but the intruder attacks took so long that I gave up and I returned PortSwigger assignment to ItsLearning. 

19.11.2024  2 hours  Downloaded Docker and I listened video(16 min) about it. I also listened 11.11 lecture Starting the project. I followed the teacher's guide and created booking_system_structure.sql. 

20.11.2024  2 hours  I rewatched 11.11 lecture and installed ZAP. I also created the necessary files in VS Code and added to this GitHub repo. I did my first security test with ZAP. The user registry worked in SQL but not in the browser. 

23.11.2024  8 hours I read the material again and copied all the codes into VSCODE. I tested several times adding the user using SQL and http://localhost. Both ways worked. Also tested curl -x POST method on GitBash. Tested several times ZAP and Google Developer Tools that everything works, because the text Administrator and my own changes to the username to e-mail give a lot of errors. After all the changes, everything worked. First-register-test-23-11-24 and First-test-set were performed before adding CSS. After adding I performed second-register-test-23-11-24 and second-test-set. 

30.11.2024  2 hours I watched 18.11 lecture and made same the changes as in lecture. Everything worked. I did two attack in ZAP and I genereted index-login-registreration-301124-Test-1.md report. 

I have worked 46 hours.

Commit message:

middleware functions for setting security headers globally

README.md, after:

# LogBook_CyberSecurity
This logbook is part of Centria's Cyber ​​Security and Data Protection (IT00AK39-3002) course.

02.11.2024  2 hours  Listened the first lecture. GitHub repo done and logbook link send. 

06.11.2024  3 hours  Module 1: Introduction to Cybersecurity and Module 2: Attacks, Concepts and Techniques done.

07.11.2024  2 hours  Module 3: Protecting the Organizarion done.

08.11.2024  2 hours  Module 4: Protecting the Organization done.

09.11.2024  3 hours  Module 5: Will Your Future Be in Cybersecurity? and Course Final Exam done. I created account and logged in PortSwigger.

13.11.2024  5 hours  SQL injection 1/3 of the labs done.

14.11.2024  2 hours SQL injection 2/3 of the labs done.

16.11.2024  5 hours  Couple of SQL injection labs and Authentication 1/3 of the labs done. 

17.11.2024  8 hours All Access Control labs done. I tried the challenging labs one last time, but the intruder attacks took so long that I gave up and I returned PortSwigger assignment to ItsLearning. 

19.11.2024  2 hours  Downloaded Docker and I listened video (16 minutes) about it. I also listened 11.11 lecture Starting the project. I followed the teacher's guide and created booking_system_structure.sql. 

20.11.2024  2 hours  I rewatched 11.11 lecture and installed ZAP. I also created the necessary files in VS Code and added to this GitHub repo. I did my first security test with ZAP. The user registry worked in SQL but not in the browser. 

23.11.2024  8 hours I read the material again and copied all the codes into VSCODE. I tested several times adding the user using SQL and http://localhost. Both ways worked. Also tested curl -x POST method on GitBash. Tested several times ZAP and Google Developer Tools that everything works, because the text Administrator and my own changes to the username to e-mail give a lot of errors. After all the changes, everything worked. First-register-test-23-11-24 and First-test-set were performed before adding CSS. After adding I performed second-register-test-23-11-24 and second-test-set. 

30.11.2024  3 hours I watched 18.11 lecture and made same the changes as in lecture. Everything worked. I did two attack in ZAP and I genereted index-login-registreration-301124-Test-1.md report. I listened to a video about Alerts (15 minutes), made the same changes as shown in the video related to middleware functions for setting security headers globally, and conducted several attacks in ZAP. I genereted Fixed-Alerts-1.12.2024.md report. 

I have worked 47 hours.
